Avoid CatalogSourceConfig (#553)
kubevirt/hyperconverged-cluster-operator: deploy/kustomize/README.md

#### Deploy
When customizations are ready, run `./deploy_kustomize.sh`.

> The script will prepare and submit kustimized manifests directories to the cluster. It will also check whenever deployment is complete (HCO CR reports Condition "Available" True), and finish successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script will prepare and submit kustomize manifests to the cluster. It will also check whenever deployment is complete (HCO CR reports Condition "Available" True), and finish successfully.
```

Author: done
